== README

Alpha Club is a Shopify rails app that scans customers to see if they have a matching Wikipedia page, IMDB page, or large social following. Wikipedia + IMDB matches are solely based on the customer name, whereas social followings are found by matching customer emails to Fullcontact API.

Core features:

* "Celebrity Settings": Store owners can adjust their celebrity settings to determine what they deem a "celebrity". They can adjust follower thresholds for Twitter, Instagram, Youtube, Klout scores, Wikipedia Tracking, or IMDB Tracking.

*Basic Scans vs Social Scans. Plans allow a different number of "basic" scans and "social" scans. A basic scan only searches for a Wikipedia / IMDB match, whereas a social scan performs IMDB, Wikipedia, and all the social channels. Key difference being that a basic scan does not instantiate a FullContact object.

*Wikipedia matches: Alpha Club checks MediaWiki to see if there is a match with customer name

*IMDB matches: Alpha Club checks IMDB url to see if there is any returned data for the customers name

*Twitter/YouTube/Klout: Alpha Club uses FullContact API to get follower counts

*Instagram count: Alpha Club scrapes the customers Klout url if it exists to find Instagram ID, then pings the Instagram API to get Instagram follower count (not included in Fullcontact response)

* Shopify Customer Webhooks: Whenever a new customer is created in Shopify, the object is sent to Alpha Club hooks controller for us to scan the customer

* Bulk Scans: Store Owners can bulk scan their past X customers using the bulk scan feature

* Teaser Scan: When store owners first install the app, we give them the option to scan their past customers until we find an influencer with 1000+ followers (on average this takes ~120 scans)

* Celebrity Analytics: Some methods have been built to help us determine how often celebrities are found so we can better inform store owners the likelihood of getting a match

* Most heavy processes are handled as background jobs using Resque (groupie.pixelburst.co/resque to see active jobs).

* Error logging is tracked on Rollbar.